Completed project

https://codepen.io/jayharville/pen/ZEbYgzY?editors=1100



    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Gives it meaning. 
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used to create electronic documents (called pages) that are displayed on the World Wide Web.
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attributes define additional characteristics or properties of the element such as width and height of an image. Attributes are always specified in the start tag (or opening tag).
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        Header, can be used once.
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        Img, input.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Metadata.

    7. What is an id? 
        The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Universal selector, any tags, div, section etc.
    
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Once.
    
    10. What is a class?
        Is like an id that can be used mustiple times to manipulate HTML

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Universal selector, any tags, div, section etc.
 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many times as you like.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Add a target="_blank" attribute to your links
   
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it
   
    15. How do I reference an id?
        Hashtag
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
        The section tag defines sections in a document like chapters, headers, footers whereas div tag defines a division in an HTML document.
    
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Manipulate html to add styling.
    
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        Use h2 tag.

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Id can be used once while a class can be used multiple times. You can use an id for a div only, while you can use a class for all images.
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        With a period.
    
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, such as a hover state.
    
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        Padding, margin, border.
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        Changing the pixel size.
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        Text-transform property.
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div {  
            border-style: dotted;
            border-color: black;
        }
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        Universal selector.
    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        You start a comment with /* , and end it with */
    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        ls
    
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        Enter del /f filename. You can delete important files by accident.
    
    34. Why should I use version control? 
         Using version control software helps you keep track of changes — and keep every team member working off the latest version.
    
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        As often as you like, or after important changes.    
    
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        Push origin branch name
   
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        fork project, add tl as collaborator, clone project, create personal branch, commit changes often, push complete project.